Bugs:  Playing samples through Soundblaster has problems, I've routed them
       through the speaker for now. (Only a problem when in 's' menu).

	If no MOD is loaded then the scope screen goes mad!


***** Coming Soon

o Adlib Gold 9 bit stereo support (this will sound better than the Amiga!)
o Soundblaster Pro stereo support (this will sound equivalent to the Amiga!)
o Pro Audio Spectrum/ Tandy DAC/ Ibm PS/1 DAC support.

** New in 2.19b

o Protracker support limited tunes to only 3 octaves - it now detects
  if you've got any fine-tune bits set and then limits you - otherwise
  gives the full range (so mods converted from STM format will sound
  ok!)
o Lets you look at the samples in an archived module
o Might work on 8086 8Mhz machines (if you set mixing-speed to 6000)
o ARJ, ZIP, LZH, ZOO multiple files in archives support!
o Gif viewer in VGA 320*200*256 mode
o Graphic scope over a Gif file when playing on VGA
o Config file support - have a look at MODPLAY.CFG
o New output device - Quadrophonic DAC - /xq
o Tags are brighter
o New help in sample menu - filenames default to .SAM
o Pressing C while playing lets you change output device
o New command line option, 
  mp /q=c:\dos\command.com kyliemix
  Will start the mod playing in the background whilst exectuting the 
  program name given.
o When exit MP it reverts to the directory/drive you started it in

** New in 2.10

o Fixed mp/o display of ZIP files
o Fixed Soundblaster Detect routines
o Fixed sample playback through user defined D/A board
o Global volume contol (F11/F12) and channel toggle (1,2,3,4)
o Fixed Tone Portamento at last (Thanks U4IA!)

** New in 2.09B

o Fixed Help display F1 when playing a mod.
o Protracker compatible - thats an extra 20 commands!
o Started using a source code control system (about time too!) so mp /v 
  now lists status and version numbers of all source files.  MODRES has
  got a little big now though (>14k) and looks to get larger!  I've
  thought of a way to halve the size, and may get around to implementing
  it this christmas.
o Partly fixed >40 bug.  Now loads em - but wont play extended patterns
o Added processor speed detect (initially - type MP /v)
o Finally fixed Stereo-on-1 totally. thats it. no more!
o Protracker command - Sample offset =9 - useful for Sampled Annie!

** New in 2.05

o Added Spectrum Analyser mode (try F7/8/9/10)
  Its a REAL SPECTRUM ANALYSIS - not one of these fake ones you find on other
  trackers - try playing a speech wave and you will see what I mean. 
o Got rid of cursor in top left of screen
o Fixed Stereo-on-1 port that did not work on some machines 
o Test of Disney output
o In sample menu, F1/F2/F3 change octave and 1,2,..6 play sample at 
  any pitch. (1=C, 2=D etc)
o Fixed Volume slide (was ignored)
o New directory routine - faster scanning, only 1 pass!
o PGUP/DN now correct way round! 
o New help when playing a file
o Displays program information by pressing 'v'
o New routines that look at BIOS to find the address of your parallel port
  Now should work with non-standard addresses.  New command line options
  to select these new devices.
o Detects modules compiled with MODEDIT v1.20 onwards.
o Tagged modules play in order tagged.

** New in 2.00

o New 's' menu now lets you play with 31st sample (bug fix)
o Now sorts directory into alphabetical order
o Displays size of archives.
o New Help pop-up
o New 'C' change output menu-type display with mouse support
o Allowing Shareware places to distribute MODPLAY at their usually large
  prices.  I don't agree with this really, its just as lots of people have
  said they cannot get MODPLAY easily.
o Fixed bug that meant MP2.00ß would crash if you didn't have a SBlaster and
  you had two printer ports (or your name was John).

** New in 2.00ß (CIX/GREY/REL)

o Can tag ZIP files.
o DABS PRESS provided Soundblaster board.  Now with full soundblaster
  support and autodetection of base address.
o Got rid of MP128, MP now handles these modules itself.
o Plays samples over 64k from sample menu
o Have up to 1000 modules in a directory!
o Now writes out sample in correct format for MODEDIT ('s','w')
o F1 and F2 alter character of moving bars when playing
o F3 and F4 alter the colour of the moving bars
o -dxx option where xx is hex of character you want as moving bars.
o Playing a mod when in sample mode ('s','m') now displays bars
o PAGEDOWN skips a track backwards, HOME to the start of the song and
  END now is the pause key
o Doesnt crash if you switch out of turbo mode.  Will run on 8Mhz machine
  but sound sloooowww.
o Page numbers greater than 10 now work.
o Autodetects and support for 'stereo-in-1' board
o Partial mouse support, lets you change dir, play and page up/down only
o Now displays a 'o' for each archive as well
o OOpps - if you only had .ZIPs in your dir it would find only the first
  25. Fixed. 
o Added support for 4 track Startrekker modules as these looked like normal
  modules but crashed on playback. (Ghostbust.mod, dots.mod)
o Volumes >128 (illegal) were rounded to 0 when they should have been
  rounded to MAX_VOLUME, only noticable in MCHAMMER.MOD 
o Added new key - PageUp skips a complete track
o Fixed bug in Vibrato command (oops!)
o New key - PageDn pauses (almost). Start again with down cursor

** New in 1.35

o New key 'd' lets you delete a module or archive (with confirmation)
o Arpeggio didn't work at all! it sounded really wierd on some mods - have
  now fixed it!
o Included a second file that will play modules with samples in them that
  are >64k - this program will only work on machines 16Mhz or faster for the
  time being.
o ! Shell now looks at COMSPEC.  Can now play ZIP and LZH archives of
  modules (archive must contain only one file with a .MOD extension
  example - LVBRAIN.ZIP containing LVBRAIN.MOD).  two files must be
  present on your path, LHA and PKUNZIP which are called to
  unarchive your modules (these can be batch files)

** New in 1.30

o If large screen resolution now displays all help on right hand side
  of screen, more room for more mods.
o Added support for >25 row video modes
o Moving up from first page now positions on correct place on last page
o Now works out looping properly 
o Full Herc screen support
o Can now play individual samples after pressing 's' by pressing 'p'
o Can now 't/u' tag/untag modules ('T/U' tags/untags all) and then 'p' play
  all tagged files.

** New in 1.16e

o Can now move around directories
o MP * now stops looping modules looping, whilst they play as intended
  in interactive mode
o Now gives estimated time display for each module
o /o option for cataloging modules
o User definable output port for Mono and/or Stereo mode (for people
  with D/A's on a PC bus card).
o Does not crash if it finds more than 500 modules in a directory
o Module file sizes are now displayed
o Elapsed time display when playing a module
o Displays filename of Module playing in multi-play mode (MP *)
o OOOOppps! Someone just pointed out that modules are either 15 or 31 (not
  30).. Modplay now will play all 31 samples.
o Full screen display of playing samples
o Resets time from RTC at end of tune
o /v compiled version information
o Special keys to alter speed of playback
o Command line option for people with slower/faster machines
o Crashes less often on slower machines.
o Will play multiple files from the command line.
o Added Playing through LPT1 and 2 in mono mode, so I can listen to modules in
  mono without it only coming out just of one of my speakers.

** New in 1.12

o First public release of MODPLAY.  
